QUESTION 1
Which of the following does IT outsourcing and cloud computing typically have in common?

A. Pay as you go agreements
B. Short-term financial commitment
C. Tailor-made applications based on client needs
D. Vendor lock-in potential

Answer: D

QUESTION 2
Which of the following does the server virtualization layer do?

A. It allows the underling physical server hardware to be shared
B. It allows the virtual machines to be dependent on each other
C. It allows the virtual machines to be load balanced
D. It prohibits the use of virtual machines by unauthorized users

Answer: A

QUESTION 3
Which of the following are essential steps to take when creating a virtual server?

A. Select a machine image to run, select an application set to run, select security credentials.
B. Select a machine image to run, select an application set to run, select the size of the virtual machine.
C. Select a machine image to run, select security credentials, select the size of the virtual machine.
D. Select an application set to run, select security credentials, select the size of the virtual machine.

Answer: C

QUESTION 4
Which of the following technologies are related to Web services?

A. HTML, IDM, JSON
B. HTML, IDM, XML
C. HTML, JSON, XML
D. DM, JSON, XML

Answer: C

QUESTION 5
Web hosting is a service that enables customers to deploy a website quickly. This is an example
of: ____.

A. laaS
B. SaaS
C. PaaS
D. On-demand software
E. None of the above

Answer: C


New VCE and PDF Exam Dumps from PassLeader

CLO-001 Exam Dumps CLO-001 Exam Questions CLO-001 VCE Dumps CLO-001 PDF Dumps

Back to the Source of this PDF and Get More Free Braindumps -- www.comptiadump.com

QUESTION 6
Which of the following describes the amount of data that can be sent across a link in a given time?

A. Network bandwidth
B. Network QoS
C. Network latency
D. Network speed

Answer: A

QUESTION 7
How can the internal IT department successfully react to cloud computing?

A. By becoming an external cloud provider
B. By becoming an internal cloud provider
C. By outsourcing all IT services
D. By solely focusing on security issues

Answer: B

QUESTION 8
Which of the following is a business reason for IT outsourcing and cloud computing?

A. Improving cost structure
B. Improving customer satisfaction
C. Increasing control over IT systems
D. Decrease of security issues

Answer: A

QUESTION 9
Which of the following assets have risks related to a cloud provider going out of business?

A. Data stored at the provider
B. Cloud management tools housed at the provider
C. Investment in servers at the provider
D. Machine capacity at the provider

Answer: A

QUESTION 10
Which of the following is included in a compliance audit?

A. Analyzing chargeback agreements
B. Analyzing cloud provider Service Level Agreements (SLAs)
C. Analyzing identity management and access controls
D. Analyzing the provider release calendar

Answer: C

QUESTION 11


New VCE and PDF Exam Dumps from PassLeader

CLO-001 Exam Dumps CLO-001 Exam Questions CLO-001 VCE Dumps CLO-001 PDF Dumps

Back to the Source of this PDF and Get More Free Braindumps -- www.comptiadump.com

How does cloud computing influence service operations?

A. Cloud computing is more cost effective
B. The provisioning of servers and services is quicker or ceases to be an issue
C. The provisioning of servers and services can be much slower
D. The security level will increase

Answer: B

QUESTION 12
Cloud computing brings new challenges to ____ management, because traditional licensing
models do not fit well with scalable resources.

A. commercial
B. financial
C. legal
D. service

Answer: B

QUESTION 13
Which of the following is indicated by a high number of variations of different virtual servers?

A. Lack of an automated provisioning process of the virtual machines
B. Lack of automation of virtual machine image manufacturing
C. Lack of manpower to monitor the virtual machines
D. Lack of physical servers to accommodate the different virtual servers

Answer: B

QUESTION 14
Cloud computing is priced according to ____ or has ____, rather than having upfront costs.

A. recurring subscription, a yearly contract
B. a yearly contract, usage-based charges
C. recurring subscription, usage-based charges
D. number of users, a yearly contract

Answer: C

QUESTION 15
Which change in the security processes is introduced by cloud computing?

A. Increased security of accessing credit card information
B. Regulations need to be updated more frequently
C. Storing passwords in the Configuration Management Database (CMDB)
D. Working with multiple providers of user identities

Answer: D

QUESTION 16
Who is responsible for granting access to a user in federated identity management?


New VCE and PDF Exam Dumps from PassLeader

CLO-001 Exam Dumps CLO-001 Exam Questions CLO-001 VCE Dumps CLO-001 PDF Dumps

Back to the Source of this PDF and Get More Free Braindumps -- www.comptiadump.com

A. Identity provider
B. Relying party
C. SaaS provider
D. User

Answer: B

QUESTION 17
Which of the following is a definition of virtualization?

A. Virtualization is a method to organize servers in a more efficient manner to double the number of accessible users.
B. Virtualization is a set of techniques for hiding software resources behind hardware abstractions.
C. Virtualization is a set of techniques for hiding hardware resources behind software abstractions.
D. Virtualization is a method to structure data in a more efficient manner with less cost to the user.

Answer: C

QUESTION 18
Which of the following confidentiality risks is introduced by cloud computing?

A. Company information can be transmitted electronically
B. Digitizing information makes it easier to copy
C. Government regulations require data to be disclosed
D. Having files stored on the servers of a cloud provider

Answer: D

QUESTION 19
Which of the following processes needs to be changed to better handle Change Management in
the cloud?

A. Financial chargeback
B. Security management
C. Hardware maintenance
D. Software distribution

Answer: D

QUESTION 20
In which of the following ways do IT outsourcing and cloud computing differ?

A. Cloud computing services are typically much more scalable.
B. Cloud computing is much cheaper.
C. Hardware and software assets are typically customizable.
D. IT outsourcing promotes innovation.

Answer: A

QUESTION 21
How can an organization successfully implement an laaS strategy?


New VCE and PDF Exam Dumps from PassLeader

CLO-001 Exam Dumps CLO-001 Exam Questions CLO-001 VCE Dumps CLO-001 PDF Dumps

Back to the Source of this PDF and Get More Free Braindumps -- www.comptiadump.com

A. Standardize on a limited set of virtual machines
B. Continuously execute performance analytics
C. Open up internal databases with Web service access
D. Take inventory of the application portfolio and select external suppliers

Answer: A

QUESTION 22
Which of the following are strategic exit options?

A. Change the system applications
B. Change the cloud provider
C. Re-host in-house
D. All of the above

Answer: C

QUESTION 23
All of the following are important design decisions when deploying SaaS EXCEPT: ____.

A. How existing company data is integrated in or migrated to the application
B. How the application will be integrated with other applications
C. The number of users that will access the application simultaneously
D. Where or by whom will digital identities be issued for logging on to the application

Answer: C

QUESTION 24
Which of the following application types is suitable for a cloud computing pilot?

A. Desktop productivity applications
B. Marginal applications
C. Mission-critical applications
D. Legacy applications

Answer: A

QUESTION 25
A military facility is NOT able to fully embrace cloud computing because of which of the following?

A. High degree of confidentiality and operational assurance
B. The associates cost and infrastructure needs
C. Constantly changing and unpredictable workloads
D. Constantly changing data and accessibility needs

Answer: A

QUESTION 26
All of the following are availability risks that are introduced by cloud computing EXCEPT: ____.

A. Dependence on an external provider


New VCE and PDF Exam Dumps from PassLeader

CLO-001 Exam Dumps CLO-001 Exam Questions CLO-001 VCE Dumps CLO-001 PDF Dumps

Back to the Source of this PDF and Get More Free Braindumps -- www.comptiadump.com

B. Dependence on internal IT
C. Increase in users who can change data
D. Network connectivity

Answer: C

QUESTION 27
How does scalability work with cloud computing?

A. Servers and storage can be added quickly.
B. Servers and storage can be released quickly.
C. Users can be added and removed quickly.
D. All of the above is correct.

Answer: D

QUESTION 28
Which of the following risks occurs when a cloud provider stops serving the company?

A. Continuity risk
B. Financial risk
C. Legal risk
D. Confidentiality risk

Answer: A

QUESTION 29
Which of the following is a relevant component of the cloud ecosystem?

A. Hypervisors
B. Image factory
C. Security procedures
D. Trained IT staff

Answer: B

QUESTION 30
Which of the following business benefits do cloud computing and IT outsourcing have in common?

A. Clarity and budgeting ease of upfront costs
B. Improvement of employee skills sets
C. Reduction of capital expenditures
D. Flexible contracts

Answer: C

QUESTION 31
Which IT process is likely to take more effort with cloud computing?

A. Hardware maintenance
B. Installing operating system patches


New VCE and PDF Exam Dumps from PassLeader

CLO-001 Exam Dumps CLO-001 Exam Questions CLO-001 VCE Dumps CLO-001 PDF Dumps

Back to the Source of this PDF and Get More Free Braindumps -- www.comptiadump.com

C. Performance monitoring
D. Server maintenance

Answer: C

QUESTION 32
Why does cloud computing shift capital cost to variable cost?

A. Cloud computing is more cost-efficient
B. IT assets are not owned by the customer
C. Servers are better utilized
D. Staff is no longer hired by the customer

Answer: B

QUESTION 33
Which of the following is the risk when an IT department restricts itself to solely being an
infrastructure provider?

A. Business users will bypass the IT department
B. Cloud providers will take over the role of the IT department
C. Service providers will bypass the IT department
D. All of the above are correct

Answer: A

QUESTION 34
Which of the following cloud computing risks is compliance related?

A. Access rights that are handled by a cloud provider
B. Capacity management that is handled by a cloud provider
C. Cross-charging policies that are handled by both clients
D. Provider reputation

Answer: A

QUESTION 35
Which of the following is the difference between cloud computing and IT outsourcing?

A. The service levels of cloud computing are much better.
B. IT outsourcing is not based on open standards.
C. Contracts with cloud providers can be changed much quicker.
D. Only IT outsourcing works with external staff.

Answer: C

QUESTION 36
A company is using an Internet-based cloud service provided by a third party. Which of the following
can the third party NOT guarantee when providing cloud resources?

A. Capacity
B. Scalability


New VCE and PDF Exam Dumps from PassLeader

CLO-001 Exam Dumps CLO-001 Exam Questions CLO-001 VCE Dumps CLO-001 PDF Dumps

Back to the Source of this PDF and Get More Free Braindumps -- www.comptiadump.com

C. Network path
D. Cost

Answer: D

QUESTION 37
Which of the following is the business benefit of private PaaS?

A. Improve the reuse of internal databases in an organization.
B. Improve the speed of the internal development and deployment processes.
C. Reduce cost and reliance on internal technical skills.
D. Simplify interfaces for specific user groups.

Answer: B

QUESTION 38
In order for an organization to have a successful cloud implementation, which of the following must
be true?

A. The organization must perform and successfully complete a cloud readiness assessment.
B. The organization must have used virtualization technology in the past.
C. The organization must have an unlimited budget for allocation of cloud resources.
D. The organization must have an in-house IT department.

Answer: A

QUESTION 39
Which of the following correctly identifies a key difference between cloud computing and IT
outsourcing?

A. Typically, industry definitions state that cloud computing and IT outsourcing are synonymous terms with the same

meaning.

B. Cloud computing only works when there is satisfactory Internet connectivity whereas outsourcing requires

dedicated WAN links.

C. Cloud computing generally allows for on-demand utilization, whereas outsourcing is typically defined by contract

terms.

D. Cloud computing provides only external IT equipment to a company whereas outsourcing involves external only

resources managing internal company equipment.

Answer: C

QUESTION 40
Which of the following is the BEST example of maintaining 'strategic flexibility'?

A. Cloud provisioning models have a risk of not maintaining flexibility once services have been migrated.
B. When choosing services to migrate into the cloud, there should be a focus on ensuring that future migration

between different cloud providers can be facilitated.

C. Cloud providers need to provide countermeasures to any consequences of not maintaining flexibility of services

in a strategic manner.

D. When choosing services to migrate into the cloud, it should be ensured that the cloud provider can change

underlying hardware platforms in case the customer needs change.


New VCE and PDF Exam Dumps from PassLeader

CLO-001 Exam Dumps CLO-001 Exam Questions CLO-001 VCE Dumps CLO-001 PDF Dumps

Back to the Source of this PDF and Get More Free Braindumps -- www.comptiadump.com

Answer: B

QUESTION 41
A company is adopting a public SaaS cloud based computing system to migrate a mission critical
application. Which of the following capabilities will be MOST likely lost?

A. Centralized management of user access to the application.
B. Aversion of the software that will be accessed in the cloud.
C. The ability to perform fine grained customizations to the software.
D. The ability to access the application from the internal company network.

Answer: C

QUESTION 42
Which of the following refers to providing a combination of servers, networking components, hosting,
provisioning, and basic services needed to run a cloud?

A. PaaS
B. CaaS
C. SaaS
D. IaaS

Answer: D

QUESTION 43
The business benefits of mobile computing are enhanced MOST by which of the following cloud
service characteristics?

A. Hardware independence
B. Security
C. Distribution over the Internet
D. Time to market

Answer: C

QUESTION 44
A company decides to subscribe to a new CRM product that will help improve their business
processes. Which of the following types of cloud computing would MOST likely be implemented?

A. PaaS
B. XaaS
C. IaaS
D. SaaS

Answer: D

QUESTION 45
An organization is replacing its core insurance platform. The solution is made up of internally hosted
insurance systems and applications hosted in the cloud. Which of the following activities is part of
service transition?

A. Ensure that as part of the change management process the events are sequenced to include the cloud provider


New VCE and PDF Exam Dumps from PassLeader

CLO-001 Exam Dumps CLO-001 Exam Questions CLO-001 VCE Dumps CLO-001 PDF Dumps

Back to the Source of this PDF and Get More Free Braindumps -- www.comptiadump.com

and that they have resources available.

B. Ensure that monitoring controls are implemented by the cloud provider to ensures that the system is highly

available and that performance can be measured.

C. Ensure that the SLA's for availability have been well documented and agreed to as part of the contract

arrangement between the two companies.

D. Ensure that the capacity and storage is available to meet the current and future demands of the solution of the

cloud provider's infrastructure.

Answer: A

QUESTION 46
Which of the following early examples of cloud computing was used for software engineering
purposes in the form of web-based applications and required interoperability between different
systems?

A. Distributed Computing
B. Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA)
C. Virtual Private Networks (VPNs)
D. Desktop Virtualization

Answer: B

QUESTION 47
Users report that they are unable to access a virtual server. Which of the following commands
would allow the network administrator to verify the current network settings within the virtual server?

A. nbtstat
B. tftp
C. telnet
D. arp
E. ping
F.
ipconfig

Answer: F

QUESTION 48
A network administrator needs to manage a virtual switch remotely in a secure manner. Which of
the following tools would MOST likely be used?

A. RDP
B. SNMP
C. SSH
D. Telnet

Answer: C

QUESTION 49
A specific cloud deployment has been established specifically for financial services companies to
consume. Which of the following BEST describes this type of cloud environment?

A. Private cloud
B. Community cloud


New VCE and PDF Exam Dumps from PassLeader

CLO-001 Exam Dumps CLO-001 Exam Questions CLO-001 VCE Dumps CLO-001 PDF Dumps

Back to the Source of this PDF and Get More Free Braindumps -- www.comptiadump.com

C. Hybrid cloud
D. Public cloud

Answer: B

QUESTION 50
Which of the following aspects of public cloud computing would a company MOST likely need to
consider to ensure information security?

A. Data integrity
B. Server type
C. Firewall specifications
D. Network hardware

Answer: A

QUESTION 51
Which of the following factors of service must be managed effectively by a SaaS provider in a cloud
computing environment?

A. Application access levels
B. Client background checks
C. Availability
D. User acceptance

Answer: C

QUESTION 52
A private cloud generally has which of the following characteristics?

A. Services are restricted to members of the same organization
B. Infrastructure is managed by an independent service provider
C. Services are managed by a third-party provider
D. Services are accessed by members outside of the organization

Answer: A

QUESTION 53
Which of the following is the MOST significant difference between SaaS and IaaS?

A. IaaS can test network configurations.
B. SaaS is accessible anywhere.
C. SaaS is used for only public clouds.
D. IaaS can be secured and encrypted.

Answer: A

QUESTION 54
An organization subscribes to a public cloud. For which of the following does the subscriber NOT
depend on the vendor?

A. Internet bandwidth and packet latency


New VCE and PDF Exam Dumps from PassLeader

CLO-001 Exam Dumps CLO-001 Exam Questions CLO-001 VCE Dumps CLO-001 PDF Dumps

Back to the Source of this PDF and Get More Free Braindumps -- www.comptiadump.com

B. Service Level Agreement
C. Data backups
D. Infrastructure availability

Answer: A

QUESTION 55
How does using cloud computing help to enhance business value?

A. By using cloud computing, businesses are able to realize lower asset utilization for personnel.
B. By paying for actual usage, cloud computing allows businesses to convert fixed costs into variable costs.
C. By using cloud computing, businesses are able to lower server utilization.
D. By paying for actual usage, cloud computing allows businesses to convert variable costs into fixed costs.

Answer: B

QUESTION 56
Which of the following cloud service characteristics would impact how a current application will
adapt in the future according to how quickly a business will grow?

A. Time to market
B. Scalability
C. Hardware independence
D. Security

Answer: B

QUESTION 57
Which of the following is an advantage of cloud computing that can enhance business value?

A. Hardware dependence
B. Scalability
C. Fixed costs
D. Security

Answer: B

QUESTION 58
Which of the following would be considered in a private cloud?

A. Organizational direct attached storage
B. Organizational SAN
C. Vendor leased co-hosted storage
D. Encrypted shared drive

Answer: B

QUESTION 59
Which of the following critical success factors would likely persuade a company to use a SaaS
service?

A. The elimination of company driven application maintenance and backups


New VCE and PDF Exam Dumps from PassLeader

CLO-001 Exam Dumps CLO-001 Exam Questions CLO-001 VCE Dumps CLO-001 PDF Dumps

Back to the Source of this PDF and Get More Free Braindumps -- www.comptiadump.com

B. The lowering of thin client management costs
C. The decrease of company-owned physical system downtime
D. The increase of web presence

Answer: A

QUESTION 60
Which of the following statements represents the correct definition of the terms 'cost allocation' and
'chargeback'?

A. 'Cost allocation' focuses on recovering costs from consumers of cloud-delivered services whereas 'chargeback'

relates to identifying costs and assigning them to specific cost categories.

B. 'Cost allocation' and 'chargeback' are synonymous terms that relate to allocating costs of cloud services and

ensuring that billing occurs for the services being delivered.

C. 'Cost allocation' relates to identifying costs and assigning them to specific cost categories.

'Chargeback' is focused on recovering costs from consumers of the cloud-delivered services.

D. 'Cost allocation' and 'chargeback' relate to ensuring that cloud computing delivery services are a profit center

instead of a cost center. This leads to a positive return on investment for both cloud provider and cloud consumer.

Answer: C

QUESTION 61
Cloud computing can BEST reduce costs for a business by: ____.

A. Utilizing services as needed
B. Increasing available data storage
C. Utilizing local resources
D. Increasing sales potential

Answer: A

QUESTION 62
Which of the following is an important factor for maintaining strategic flexibility?

A. Return on investment
B. Integrity
C. Elasticity
D. Vendor lock-in

Answer: D

QUESTION 63
In cloud computing, the ability to scale resources on demand, benefits the business in which of the
following ways?

A. Allowing a third party to manage service delivery ensures lower staffing costs.
B. It is more cost effective to pay for what is needed rather than pay for peak demand upfront.
C. Fewer in-house servers lower the power consumption of the datacenter.
D. Shorter contracts and less capital expenses reduce expenditures to the IT budget.

Answer: B


New VCE and PDF Exam Dumps from PassLeader

CLO-001 Exam Dumps CLO-001 Exam Questions CLO-001 VCE Dumps CLO-001 PDF Dumps

Back to the Source of this PDF and Get More Free Braindumps -- www.comptiadump.com

QUESTION 64
An organization requires that it federates its internal systems and their externally hosted SaaS
finance system so a user does not have to re-authenticate. This is an example of which of the
following?

A. Open authentication
B. Single sign-on
C. Biometric scanning
D. Multifactor authentication

Answer: B

QUESTION 65
Which of the following are the appropriate steps to migrating a backwards compatible application
into the cloud?

A. Assess, proof of concept, migrate data, migrate application, automation/scaling, and optimizing
B. Migrate the data and rebuild the application using APIs
C. Purchase service from cloud provider, migrate the user accounts, and disable the internal infrastructure
D. Decommission the internal infrastructure, purchase service from the cloud provider, and enable for business users

Answer: A

QUESTION 66
Which of the following risks are associated with using a customized proprietary cloud application?

A. Simplified continuity of operation and disaster recovery plan
B. Lack of internal control over function and design of applications
C. Locking into the cloud provider and increasing costs over the long term
D. Reassignment of roles and responsibilities would be necessary

Answer: C

QUESTION 67
Which of the following skills is MOST needed by the cloud vendor to communicate with the
subscriber?

A. Project management
B. Customer service
C. Industry best practices
D. Visualization

Answer: B

QUESTION 68
A company is implementing a system replacement which has application components that are
internally hosted and multiple application components that are hosted as software as a service by
different cloud providers. Which of the following represents the challenge of this architecture?

A. Complexity
B. Time to market
C. Cost saving
